The significance of image signal processors (ISP) has grown with the development of computer vision, as high quality images should be provided to train the computer vision system. Various imaging systems and image signal processors were proposed to capture images with high resolution and high color fidelity. I chose to study multispectral imaging systems because image acquisition through multispectral imaging systems can provide accurate representation of colored scenes, with precision beyond the capability of the human visual system. By conducting research on the imaging systems and the image processing pipeline, I hope to figure out the optimal layout of multispectral imaging hardware and corresponding image processing algorithm that can capture high resolution multispectral images at high speed. Investigation on natural and artificial surfaces (e.g., artworks, textiles, synthesized substances, etc.) requires time and effort. To this end, multispectral imaging devices that are capable of identifying surfaces were developed [1]. Multispectral imaging refers to the domain of computational photography that uses colors other than red, green, and blue. Typical multispectral imaging devices place optical filters on top of commercial cameras, where the filters can be mechanically switched to capture multiple spectral responses of interest. However, such devices with intricate mechanical components are inappropriate for investigating scenes and surfaces that cannot stay still. Therefore, devices that can record multispectral data simultaneously at the expense of image quality were proposed [2]. I am studying multispectral imaging devices based on this approach to enhance the recorded images such that they can be obtained with high quality at appropriate framerate. Based on the fact that reconstruction of images from subsampled sequences are suitable for real-time processing and are computationally efficient, various methods were proposed. Among them, methods that resemble color interpolation techniques targeting commercial cameras that use trichromatic response were the first to be utilized in the domain of multispectral demosaicing. Sequential demosaicing algorithm for multispectral images was proposed by Miao et al., where the dominant channels were interpolated with an isotropic kernel in advance to preserve the spatial information throughout the whole interpolation process [1]. However, interpolation of images with isotropic kernels as proposed in [1] caused the resulting images to have undesirable blurs. Directional interpolation method that can address the blurring artifacts of isotropic interpolation method was proposed by Shinoda, where the edge information derived from sparse samples were enhanced with spatially variant weighting [2]. Though the use of spatially variant weighting handled the image blurring artifacts, the performance of aforementioned methods were still dependent on the multispectral sensor layout. In a study that investigated multispectral image interpolation method whose performance is not dependent on the filter layout, authors proposed the use of pseudo-panchromatic image containing only the spatial features for interpolation [3]. Generalizing the method proposed by Mihoubi, optimization techniques were adopted in multispectral image interpolation, where costs were designed to promote the gradient sparsity of the resulting image [4]. Based on the mathematical inference regarding the ADMM optimization technique, another approach based on optimization was proposed by Lai, where the state-of-the-art denoisers were employed to optimize the interpolated image further [5]. Though various researchers have investigated multispectral image reconstruction algorithms, few have focused on the robustness of the reconstruction algorithms. With the aid of recent advancements in applied statistics and data science, some researchers tried to address problems related to algorithm robustness by training neural networks with images captured under diverse illumination conditions. Though such neural networks showed great performance when the statistical characteristics embedded within the images were similar to images in the training dataset, neural networks showed poor performance when networks were fed with unprecedented data. As generalization ability is important for multispectral image reconstruction, this research project focuses on building a conventional, optimization-oriented algorithm that can reconstruct high-resolution multispectral images from sparsely sampled noisy observation.  RQ1. To what extent can reconstruction error of sparsely subsampled multispectral images be while maximizing color fidelity?  RQ2. To what extent can multispectral image reconstruction algorithms correctly reconstruct sparsely subsampled multispectral images contaminated with additive noise?  By addressing the aforementioned key questions, this research project will consider metrics that can serve as quantitative measures of both color fidelity and image quality and optimize the image reconstruction algorithm toward the minimization of the metric. Although previous studies dealt with optimization techniques and metrics that quantize color fidelity of reconstructed images, few are dedicated to multispectral imaging and canonical illumination, and the metrics to be discussed in this study is expected to provide insight for future studies in image reconstruction.  Reconstruction of sparsely sampled numeric data requires probabilistic modeling of the systems that generate the data (i.e. prior knowledge), such that the inverse system or the approximation of the inverse system can be identified. In order to enhance the reconstruction accuracy of images, numerous researchers have incorporated prior knowledge in the form of statistical measure into their reconstruction algorithms [citation here]. Among them, modeling based on Graph Signal Processing (GSP) has shown promising results in image denoising tasks [citation here], where correlation of neighboring pixels were utilized to model images as structured random processes. As GSP demonstrated that structure identification of random processes is desirable for optimality of image reconstruction tasks, the measurements about how well subsampled images were reconstructed needs to be specified. The validity of sparse image reconstruction constrained with weights based on Markov Random Fields (MRFs) can be discussed by observing quantitative measures derived from the images resulting from the reconstruction algorithm. One of the most widely used quantitative metrics related to the aforementioned research questions, apart from peak signal-to-noise ratio (PSNR) and structural similarity index measure (SSIM), is the spectral angle mapper (SAM), which measures the dissimilarity of multispectral images by calculating the angular difference between two vectorized signals. In the set of following experiments that demonstrate the performance of the proposed method,  set of images were generated from various datasets (e.g., ARAD-1K, Chikusei, CAVE, Manchester 15, Tokyotech 31 and 59 bands dataset [citation here]) according to a predefined spectral response curve, and were reconstructed with the proposed method. As discussed in [citation here], spectral response curves were set as one of the three, which are ideal samplers centered about target wavelengths, gaussian functions, and commercially available spectral response curves. A notable increase in PSNR and SSIM, alongside the decrease in SAM  as highlighted in Table 1 indicates that the reconstructed images are close to their originals, to the extent that they are free of reconstruction errors regarding metamerism. Also, the trichromatic rendition of multispectral images demonstrates that the reconstructed images are free of interpolation artifacts, which previous algorithms were susceptible to. Therefore, both quantitative and qualitative analysis shows that the above research questions are well addressed by the proposed approach, and advances previous research regarding the effectiveness of multispectral image reconstruction.  
