Two-dimensional (2D) Materials are the field of research properties of thin film materials with atomic thickness scale (single or several layers) and their wide application. The most popular 2D material is graphene, which contains a single layer of carbon, is stronger than steel, and has higher electrical conductivity than copper. However, the limitation of graphene is no bandgap, and it’s hard to apply to semiconductor materials (citation needed). Transition Metal Dichalcogenides (TMDC) are one of the best candidates for replacing graphene in the future for semiconductor applications. The bandgap of TMDC can be varied by changing the thickness of the layer from single to bulk, for example, MoS2 has 1.3 eV for bulk sample and 3.4 eV for single layer (citation needed). The challenge of TDMCs is exfoliating the single bulk sample into single layers and preserving that single layer to not stack again back into bulk. Moreover, keeping away from oxidation also is a huge challenge for researchers. Transition Metal Dichalcogenides (TMDCs) pose the challenge of exfoliating bulk samples into single or multiple layers while preserving their structure to prevent restacking into bulk form. Methods for exfoliating TMDCs can be classified as mechanical, electrochemical, and chemical processes. Mechanical and electrochemical methods have some disadvantages, such as inefficient production, time consumption and cost (citation needed). Chemical exfoliation, while capable of addressing these disadvantages, faces challenges related to contamination. The bulk structure of TMDCs consists of layers bonded together by van de Waals forces. In chemical exfoliation, the strategy involves inserting Lithium (Li) ions between the layers of the bulk sample. Subsequently, the aqueous solution reacts with the Li ions, breaking the van der Waals forces and releasing the layers.  Transition Metal Dichalcogenides (TMDCs) have emerged as promising materials due to their processing properties that make them not only highly attractive for fundamental studies of novel physical phenomena but also application spanning nanoelectronics, nanophotonics, sensing, and nanoscale actuation. The structure of Molybdenum Disulfide (MoS2) , one of the outstanding TMDCs, was discovered as a hexagonal P6-3/mmc spacegroup by analyzing X-ray spectral photographs and Lauren photographs [1]. By the late 1960s, a total of 60 TMDCs were found, 40 of which included layered structural features [2]. Concerning these structures, by 1963, researchers first applied adhesive tape to exfoliate the ultrathin film MoS2 [3], leading to a new area of research on two-dimensional (2D) materials. Around 20 years later, monolayer MoS2 suspensions were successfully synthesized [4]. With the growth of carbon nanotubes and fullerenes, R. Tenne et al. were able to synthesize new inorganic materials, thereby discovering Tungsten Disulfide (WS2) nanotubes and nested structures [5]. The development of research on graphene in the 2000s catalyzed the refinement of methodologies for layered materials, opening new areas of researching TMDCs, and their ultrathin films.    The fabrication of transition metal dichalcogenides (TMDCs) can be achieved through several methods, each presenting a unique set of benefits and constraints. Predominantly, chemical synthesis methods such as chemical vapor deposition (CVD), the hydrothermal method, laser-induced synthesis, and molecular beam epitaxy (MBE) are commonly used to fabricate TMDCs for various electronic and optoelectronic applications. In the hydrothermal method, several researchers have made notable progress, such as Zhang et al. who successfully dissolved sodium molybdate and selenium in water, leading to the formation of nanoflower-like Molybdenum diselenide (MoSe2) within a sealed reaction vessel at 200 C [1].  However, the hydrothermal method poses a significant challenge for use in electronic and optoelectronic device fabrication procedures, primarily due to the involvement of water in the fabrication process. In recent years, laser-induced synthesis has emerged as a promising alternative for obtaining TMDCs as this method features, enhanced controllability during the growth process and convenience for device fabrication. Hu et al. [2,3] reported a method involving laser-induced decomposition of precursor to produce MX2 thin films (where M=Mo, W; X=S, Se, and Te), which are then deposited on the substrate by utilizing the low thermal effect and photonic effect of an ultraviolet laser. The limitations of the laser method include constraints on sample size and monolayer TMDC growth due to laser restriction. The salt flux method, which is capable of addressing the disadvantages of CVD and laser methods, requires simple equipment and is convenient for industrial procedures. In this research project, precursors such as Molybdenum (Mo), Sulfur (S), and Sodium Chloride (NaCl) are added in a quartz tube with a molar ratio of 1:2:20, respectively. The quartz tube is then sealed under vacuum and subjected to heat treatment at 1000 C for 24 hours before cleaning to harvest MoS2.  The structure and crystallinity of the synthesized HfS2 sample were determined through X-ray diffraction (XRD) analysis. Figure 1 displays the powder XRD results for the HfS2 sample, revealing a well-crystallized structure with distinctive diffraction peaks that closely match the hexagonal structure of the P-3m1 space group. All the reflection peaks were successfully indexed to the (00l) direction at 2θ values of 15.18⁰, 30.57⁰, 46.56⁰, and 63.45⁰, corresponding to (001), (002), (003), and (004) of 1T-HfS2 (PDF card # 00-028-0444). This preferred orientation of growth aligns with reports from other HfS2 synthesis methods, such as the CVD method by Zheng et al. [1] and by Wang et al. [2], and the 1T structure of ReS2 [3]. Such alignment further validates the well-defined crystallographic growth of the xy-plane and the presence of van der Waals forces along the (00l) direction [4]. As determined through calculations, the "c" lattice parameter stands at 5.83 Å, a result consistent with previous research reports [5, 6]. Additionally, the narrow full width at half maximum (FWHM) of (00l) peaks indicates the high crystallinity of the HfS2 sample. Aside from the well-crystallized structure confirmed by X-ray diffraction (XRD), the HfS2 sample in this research project still faces several challenges. One of the challenges is residual sodium chloride (NaCl), a byproduct resulting from the utilization of the salt flux method during synthesis of HfS2. The elimination of NaCl requires aqueous treatment, a process which may induce undesirable oxidation in HfS2. Notably, P. Chen et al. [1] sought to mitigate this oxidation propensity by substituting NaCl with sodium sulfate (Na2SO4), while Y. J. Gu et al. [2] opted for potassium sulfate (K2SO4) as a precursor in their research. Furthermore, the appearance of a secondary phase of HfS2 at a 2θ value of 14.5⁰ related to (012) in the XRD result indicates the growth of HfS2 in an undesired direction. Although the intensity of peak (012) is less than 3% compared with the main peak (001), the reduction of undesired peak significantly enhances the crystallization quality of HfS2. Therefore, many researchers aim to limit the foundation of the secondary phase [3-5]. After investigating the effect of cooling speeds on unwanted phase growth of HfS2, Y. Janssen et al. [3] concluded that a cooling rate of less than 4 ⁰C/h can yield high-quality crystallization. The next step of this research project will involve addressing the limitation by determining the suitable salt and optimal cooling rate to achieve high-quality crystallization.
