Cameras are fundamental tools for people’s everyday life from capturing a selfie with a smartphone, automatic driving, and surveillance camera for security. Along with the increase in its demands, cameras with more diverse functionalities are required, such as depth and hyperspectral imaging and there are fundamental trade-offs between its performance, size and cost. To overcome these trade-offs, I jointly design hardware and software of cameras which are also referred to as the field of computational optics. The most attractive point of my research is to visualize the information surrounding us. From this visualization, I believe people can enlarge their perception of their daily lives. The most challenging part of my work is that it is an interdisciplinary field that requires the knowledge of optics, mathematics, computer vision, and sometimes biology to analyze the results. I believe that collaborating with others is crucial to get high impact research in my field and, at the same time, I can enhance my interdisciplinary knowledge with great communication.  Given the exacerbation of global warming, there has been an increased demand for energy sources that do not result in carbon (e.g. solar, photovolatnic, wind, etc.). Hydrogen is one of the most promising energy sources because hydrogen doesn’t generate greenhouse gases, and exhibits high gravimetric energy density. A solid oxide electrolyzer cell (SOEC) is an energy conversion device that electrolyzes water to hydrogen. To generate sufficient hydrogen to use in industry, many requirements are needed, such as a heat exchanger, electric heater, and SOEC stack. Maintaining a uniform thermal distribution inside the SOEC stack is important for the SOEC stack’s performance and long-term durability. Proper component arrangements make the SOEC stack have a uniform thermal distribution because thermal interactions between components affect the SOEC stack’s temperature. Well-modulization of the SOEC system makes the SOEC stack have high efficiency and generate more hydrogen rather than the bad-modulization of the SOEC system. People can use more energy in their lives without promoting global warming. It can make people surplus.  Numerical Solid oxide electrolyzer cell (SOEC) system models have been developed in various ways to investigate internal phenomena within the SOEC stack. Halkees et al. (2009) reported the first 3D model, which constitutes a 3D computational fluid dynamics (CFD) SOEC stack model using the commercial software ANSYS FLUENT. In the Hawkees model, the geometry of the electrolyte is simplified by treating electrolyte as a 2D component. On the other hand, Maria Navasa et al. (2015) established a 3D SOEC stack models that include detailed electrochemical reactions. Additionally, Maria Navasa et al. (2019) constitute a fully homogenized model for SOEC stacks which alleviated computational cost and time consumption for 3D models. However, other components comprising the SOEC system (e.g., heat exchanger, electric heater) have not yet been modeled. Though numerous researchers have investigated the thermal distribution of the Solid Oxide Electrolyzer Cell (SOEC) stacks through numerical modeling (Hawkees, 2009; Maria, 2015), researchers have not addressed the entire SOEC systems’ thermal distribution. Therefore, this research considers how the arrangement of SOEC components affects the thermal distribution of SOEC systems.  RQ1. To what extent can the distance between SOEC stacks and heat exchangers reduce the likelihood of component overheating? RQ2. To what extent does the size of SOEC systems correlate with heat loss? RQ3. To what extent can SOEC stacks’ heat generations be absorbed into the environment? RQ4. To what extent do components' temperatures decrease under radiative boundary conditions compared to thermal insulation boundary conditions?  In this way, this research will investigate thermal interactions between SOEC stacks and other components. J. Aicart et al. (2022), actual SOEC systems have 2~3% heat loss against the environment. However, changing the arrangement of the components in the actual module is challenging, requiring a numerical model to present the effect of the arrangement of components. In addition, SOEC system models require heavy computational resources, to decrease computational resources, Z. Lin et al. (2024), present a homogenized SOEC stack model and computation time to decrease one-twentieth of the conventional computation time.  Component arrangements of SOEC systems are important to attain optimal thermal integration, for example, Gyubin Min et al. (2022) exhibit that SOEC systems’ actual performance is lower than theoretical performance because of the imperfect thermal integration of SOEC components..However, constructing SOEC systems is challenging because the system consists of several components and once established, one cannot correct the system.  Therefore, numerical models have been developed to analyze the effects of component arrangements easily. For example, Hawkees et al. (2012) present 3D SOEC numerical stack models, while Z. Li et al. (2021) exhibit SOEC stack models that feature radiative boundary conditions, which are different in thermal distribution from models that have insulation boundary conditions. However, the models that feature radiative boundary conditions contain not only the SOEC stack, but also components comprising the SOEC system that have not been modeled yet. Through constructing 3D SOEC system numerical models that feature radiative boundary conditions, components contained in the system (e.g., SOEC stacks, heat exchangers, electric heater), allow for comparison of the average temperature between only SOEC stacks and SOEC stacks with other components, facilitating investigation of how much temperatures of the SOEC stacks decrease compared to  insulation boundary conditions. The simulation results of numerical models should be closely aligned with the experimental results. Gas inlet and outlet temperatures of SOEC stacks which are examined in experiments, are compared with gas temperatures predicted by numerical models at the same position. If the differences between the experimentally observed gas temperatures and those predicted by the numerical model are less than 10 degrees Celsius, it indicates that numerical models have good fidelity with the actual SOEC system.   Numerical models of 3D Solid Oxide Electrolyzer Cells (SOEC) systems elucidate the thermal distribution within SOEC system. However, these models do not address detailed electrochemistry and thermochemistry reactions to decrease computational resources, potentially resulting in reactant distribution may not be aligned with the actual phenomena of SOEC stacks. Unless the numerical models are validated with experimental results, the models may not feature ideal levels of fidelity. Conducting SOEC system experiments is challenging because SOEC systems’ components are extremely large and expensive to install in the laboratory. Since the comparison between numerical models and experimental results was impossible, the models were unable to ensure high fidelity. In future work, electrochemical reactions will be addressed for the models, but the models should be optimized for decreasing computational resources and securing high fidelity. For example, Z. Li et al. (2022) homogenized SOEC stack models which exhibit reduced calculation time.
