My field is environmental engineering especially in water quality management. When I was young, I grew up in a small town near the industrial complex which had many environmental issues. I hope my work makes our earth and human society more safe and pleasant.  ※ Because of technical issues of my iPad, I couldn’t participate well in the make up class. So I rewrote my document.   My field is ecological engineering, especially in water quality management. I have chosen my field of study from when i was very young. I grew up in a small town near an industrial complex where many environmental pollution issues have happened. In 2012, an environmental disaster called “Gumi Phenol Incident” occurred. A toxic chemical leaked into the river which is used as drinking water for my town. From such incidents, I made up my mind to distribute to make Earth’s environment safer and cleaner. After I got a Bachelor's degree in ‘school of health and environmental science’, I've been working at K-water, a public corporation for managing water resources, for 6 years.  A major challenge in my field is lack of public attention. Since the country's water quality has gotten better, many people don’t understand the importance of improving water quality. There are still parts of our society that need water resource management. My recent research focuses on the various positive factors coming with better water quality such as carbon reduction which many people care about these days.   My research topic is “Quantification of the Carbon cycle in a dam ‘Bohyeon-san’”. The Carbon cycle refers to the process where GHG gases(e.g. Co2, Ch4) is emitted and absorbed into the atmosphere and the surface of the water. Recently abundance of studies about GHG exhaust from vehicles, industrial processes and other contributive activities and their impact on humans and the Earth have been actively ongoing. However, research on the GHG exhaust from dams and rivers is very limited. According to the statistical data from the Ministry of Environment’s Greenhouse Gas Comprehensive Information Center(2022,https://www.gir.go.kr), the amount of GHG emission from wetlands including dams are less than 1% of the total amount. Because the amount is very small, people usually don’t consider it as important as the other contributions. However, in my theory, dams have the potential to become an carbon absorption sources by improving water quality and managing its ecological constructions. By Quantifying GHG gases amount from a dam in many different cases(e.g. various weather and seasons, impact of pollutants), My research can be a basis for studies that prove the theory.  The topic of this study is “quantification of the carbon cycle(i.e., a process where GHGs (e.g., Co2 and Ch4) are emitted and absorbed into the atmosphere and the surface of water) in a dam ‘Bohyeon-San’”. Since GHGs emissions increase, coming with climate change, has become a global issue, Enormous research projects have been processed to address global warming and ecosystem destruction. However, due to a small amount of GHGs emissions from dams, the importance of reducing emissions from dams is underestimated and less studied compared to the other contributions.  In order to evaluate GHGs emissions from dams, calculating ‘Climate velocity’, which refers to be calculated as the quotient of the long-term temperature trend to the two-dimensional spatial gradient in temperature, is important. Climate velocity has been sharply increasing particularly in Inland standing waters(e.g., lakes and reservoirs including dams), overating the velocity of habitat changes that living species can endure or adapt [1]. To reduce Climate velocity, prevent extinction and maintain biodiversity in dams, it is necessary to quantify and evaluate the carbon cycle of dams.  Along with climate change, climate velocity (i.e., calculation of the quotient of long term temperature trends in accordance with two dimensional spatial gradients) has sharply increased particularly in inland standing waters such as lakes and reservoirs including dams (R.lestyn Woolway and Stephan C., 2020). As the water temperature of dams rises with climate velocity increase, the solubility of GHGs, greenhouse gases such as CO2 and CH4, decrease resulting GHG emissions to the atmosphere. To reduce climate velocity, it is necessary to quantify and evaluate the amount of the carbon cycle of dams. Carbon cycle refers to a process where GHGs are emitted and absorbed into the atmosphere and the surface of water.  RQ1. To what extent does climate change affect GHG emissions in inland standing waters? RQ2. To what extent can water quality improvement effectively reduce GHG emissions from dams and rivers?  This research project calls an attention to the potential of dams to become carbon absorption sources by improving water quality. In this project, many field data are accumulated by measuring water chemicals (e.g. dissolved organic matter, nutrients, algal) and quantifying carbon cycle.   In order to address how climate change impacts greenhouse gas(GHG) emissions in inland standing water such as dams, and water quality improvement of dams can reduce GHG emissions, four steps of research methodology are needed. [1] First step is determining dams as a research subject, where water quality has been improved gradually, so that researchers can calculate correlation between water quality and GHG emissions. Second, research site need to be fixed, that should be accessible and have representativeness of dams’ water quality, which is usually in the middle of the water bodies. Third step is water quality analysis. It must include seasonal and yearly data. Last, GHG emissions need to be analyzed. GHG emissions processes occur usually as ebullition and diffusion. [2] To quantify the amount of emissions, using gas collecting chambers and gas flux sensors.  In measuring long-term GHG emissions trend along with water quality, two-dimensional water quality modeling software called  CE-QUAL-W2’ is widely used. [3] It is designed to simulate the hydrodynamics (e.g., inflows, outflows and gas exchange with the atmosphere) and water quality, such as nutrients(e.g., nitrogen and phosphorus), algae and solids)  processes in dams.     
