Robotics encompasses a wide range of areas including the design, control and application of robots, and it produces various values by replacing or collaborating with humans in fields that are difficult for humans. Particularly, the field of wearable robots can enhance human physical abilities or assist performing specific tasks, so it is expected to be widely utilized in rehabilitation or industrial fields. I chose to work and conduct research in this field because I am an officer from the Korea Army, so I have to research how to apply wearable robots for augmenting soldiers' physical abilities or assisting military tasks. The major challenge of my academic field is the trade-off between “performance” and “wearability”. For example, rigid materials such as metal or aluminum are used to improve the performance of wearable robots. However, users feel uncomfortable and don’t want to use it due to rigid components. There are many trials to overcome these problems and I also have found some methods based on using soft materials to satisfy both “performance” and “wearability”. I hope that wearable robots are helpful for people who need help from paralyzed patients to healthy people. Satisfying performance (e.g., output force, degrees of freedom) and wearability (e.g., lightweight, comfort) are essential to designing wearable robots to augment physical abilities and assist specific tasks. The purpose of my research is to develop a task-assistive wearable glove for augmenting grip strength for healthy people. Assisting grip strength is important for workers (e.g., logistics, and transportation workers) and soldiers because their tasks are related to repeated high-load tasks, which can cause musculoskeletal disorders (MSDs) (de Ruiter C J et al, 1999) due to excessive muscle stress and can increase the incidence of labor accidents (Yung M, 2016). My specific goal is to develop wearable gloves that generate a large output force and are lightweight and comfortable, which improves performance and wearability compared to the existing wearable robotic gloves. However, both generating large output force and making the system lightweight and comfortable is very challenging because of the hand's small size and complexity. In addition, accurate force transmission from an actuator (e.g., motor, pneumatic source) to soft materials of gloves is very difficult. Therefore, my research to satisfy both performance and wearability for task-assistive wearable gloves is likely to improve work efficiency and help users (e.g., logistics, transportation workers, and soldiers) prevent injuries and accidents. Above all, it ultimately helps users work healthily. Several wearable hand robots have been developed to augment physical abilities or assist patients who suffer from hand manipulation such as paralysis, most of which consist of rigid frames that apply force directly to the body parts to which they are attached [1] [2]. However, conventional wearable hand robots based on rigid frames that use linkages and rack-and-pinion mechanisms make the system bulky, heavy, and uncomfortable for wearers [3] [4]. To overcome the limitation of a rigid wearable hand robot, some researchers tried to develop soft wearable hand robots called Exo-glove [5] [6]. Exo-glove using soft materials (e.g., fabric, polymer), soft actuators (e.g, twisted string, air source), and mechanical tendons achieved a lightweight, compact, and comfortable design compared to a rigid wearable glove, which makes the system useful for applications on actual use. Even though soft wearable gloves improved portability and comfort, the overall systems including actuators and electronics are still heavy and uncomfortable for real-world applications. Therefore, my research aims to improve portability and comfort groundbreakingly by using twisted string actuators and making overall systems like clothing which means it is fully compliant when the actuator is OFF on the other side it is sufficiently stiff to transmit force when the actuator is ON. I believe that my research will improve the limitations of soft wearable gloves. Designing wearable gloves that satisfy both performance and wearability is challenging compared to designing other wearable robots due to the small size and high DoFs (degree of freedom) of the hand so, soft actuators and soft materials have been applied to the wearable gloves. A twisted string actuator (TSA), which is one of the soft actuators that enable linear motions by twisting several strings with a motor, consists of a motor and bundles of strings that are inherently lightweight, compact, and compliant, thereby suitable for portable and comfortable design to apply wearables. Therefore, this research project will create soft wearable gloves integrating the TSA with the glove’s fabric and measure the increase in grip strength weight-to-ratio, and wearability, including volume, minimally invasive design, and comfort compared to other soft wearable gloves.   RQ1. To what extent does actuating all fingers excluding the thumb achieve more effective grip strength than actuating only the dominant fingers (e.g., middle, ring fingers)? RQ2. To what extent does designing wearable gloves to use a soft actuator (TSA) and materials based on fabric and soft materials affect the qualitative wearability of users?  Specifically, strings that are part of the TSA are stitched to the fabric of the gloves making the force transmission path and anchoring points (i.e. point of force action) and end point of strings attached to a single motor. In this way, this research will provide the approach to a cloth-like design, and accordingly, the gloves will be utilized by various target groups such as paralyzed patients, the elderly, workers, and soldiers.       To address problems in balancing performance and wearability to design wearable gloves, like the soft wearable gloves using soft actuators such as twisted string actuators (TSA) and soft materials, analyzing the human anatomy system provides research methodology. Specifically, the human hand’s anatomy constitutes an energy-efficient force transmission and distribution system. For instance, when holding an object tightly, the forearm muscle called the flexor digitorum profundus (FDP) transmits strong force to four-finger tendons except for the thumb tendon and since the tendons are connected along the optimal path and reinforced by various soft structures such as tendon sheaths, and digit pulleys, the human hand’s system transmits the force efficiently and distributes the force preventing the stress from concentrating to specific finger joints. Numerous researchers utilized quantitative and qualitative factors to measure the performance and wearability using experimental methods (e.g., fingertip force [1], grip force [2], range of motion (ROM) measurement [3]), and surveys [4]. Measuring the fingertip force of each finger, maximum peak grip force ( i.e., maximal grip strength), and maximum isometric grip force (i.e., maximal grip endurance strength) can confirm how much grip strength has improved, in other words, how efficiently soft wearable gloves convert input force into output force. Measuring the ROM of the hand and interviewing satisfaction evaluation can confirm the system is minimally invasive to the hand motion and how comfortable the wearable gloves are.  Answers to the above research questions require certain experiments conducted in the test bed and experiments involving human subjects. Considering RQ1,  grip force enhancement, one of the goals of creating wearable gloves, is usually estimated to measure fingertip force because the 10% increase in the fingertip force is closely related to more than the 10% increase in the grip force [1]. Involving human subjects, such as grip force tests, can introduce noise which may affect the accuracy of the results, so employing a method to measure fingertip force using a finger mannequin ensures both accuracy and efficiency. Therefore, measuring the fingertip force in the test bed can identify the output force to the input motor torque and confirm the enhancement of the glove’s performance compared to the existing soft wearable gloves. Considering RQ2, a  range of motion (ROM) test and qualitative surveys of users’ experience are conducted to measure users’ comfort factors. The ROM test evaluates the extent of each user’s finger motion and compares hands without gloves, general gloves and wearable robotic gloves, with participants wearing all three. Therefore, quantitive wearability can measure whether a range of ROM is close to natural finger motion, which means hands without gloves, because the narrow range of ROM means gloves can hinder the user’s natural finger motion, leading to discomfort for the users. Qualitative surveys, which include participant’s subjective opinions such as user’s satisfaction, can measure qualitative wearability through sum of satisfaction scores and user’s opinions. Through these results including the test bed measurement and experiments involving human subjects, wearable gloves featuring fully fabric-based design including the soft actuator (i.e., TSA) can verify possible adaptions to real-world applications due to balancing performance and wearability. Several limitations must be addressed to adapt to real-world applications even though wearable gloves featuring twisted string actuators (TSAs) can achieve lightweight and comfortable. The first limitation is TSA durability. The TSA glove may lose functions easily because continuous uses break the strings of the TSA, which consists of a bundle of strings, due to the friction between the strings. Much research has been attempted to improve the durability of TSAs using specific materials or specific manufacturing processes to TSA [1]-[2]. To address the durability issue of the TSAs, the wearable gloves are fabricated by the bowstrings which are wrapped in the Y-junction (i.e., near the string fixture where twisting propagates) with polytetrafluoroethylene (PTFE) film and subsequently applied to the lubricant. As a result, wearable gloves' durability has significantly improved compared to only TSA, which means doing nothing by using more than 5000 cycles. The second limitation is control challenges due to the nonlinearity of TSA and fabric. The flexibility of both the TSA and fabric lead to nonlinearity in motor actuation, presenting challenges in controller design. The inherent properties of the material's softness and flexibility are hard to overcome, but TSAs exhibit linear behavior with a specific range suggesting their potential utility. Therefore, nonlinearity can be controlled by pre-twisting of the TSAs to achieve a specific range. The final limitation lies in the difficulty of fabrication and the time-consuming process involved. Both the complexity of fabrication and the time required can impede mass production and real-world application. Simplifying the fabrication process will facilitate collaborative studies with a clothing laboratory (FT lab at Yonsei University) specializing in garment manufacturing. To address the above limitations, TSA wearable gloves will achieve
