 Lighting environments in modern offices differ significantly from those in old offices as digital displays such as computers and smartphones have emerged as new lighting sources [1]. Due to the digital displays, occupants in modern offices suffer from visual fatigue, potentially leading to symptoms like computer vision syndrome [2]. To safeguard occupants’ eye health from risks such as computer vision syndrome, visual fatigue management systems are essential. However, given that the primary purpose of offices is profit generation, considerations regarding occupants’ productivity must be integrated concurrently with efforts to manage visual fatigue effectively. Therefore, the development of a comprehensive system capable of predicting and managing visual fatigue and work productivity is suggested. While previous studies have primarily focused on defining specific lighting conditions (e.g., correlated color temperature and illuminance) conducive to reducing visual fatigue or enhancing work productivity [3]. The presence of additional lighting sources, such as digital displays, in modern offices necessitates a new approach. Merely altering general lighting is insufficient for managing visual fatigue and optimizing work productivity.  Thus, a new approach is applied to predict visual fatigue and work productivity based on occupants’ physiological responses (e.g., pupil diameter, mean heart rate, and skin conductivity). This comprehensive system aims to maintain occupants’ eye health by managing visual fatigue according to their physiological responses while simultaneously ensuring a certain level of work productivity.    Visual fatigue levels on various lighting environments have been investigated in previous studies, which have attempted to define specific conditions for optimal lighting environments that satisfy occupants’ visual comfort [1-3]. For example, investigation of luminance level and illuminance impact on visual fatigue and alertness revealed that higher levels of luminance lead to a reduction of eye blinks, which means visual fatigue is induced, while higher illuminance enhances task performance [1]. However, another study on the relationship between illuminance and visual fatigue reported that task performance was higher in environments with lower illuminance (i.e., 200lx) compared to environments with higher illuminance (i.e., 500lx) [2]. As such, researchers inspecting the effects of lighting environments on visual fatigue levels did not find consistent results, indicating that merely controlling lighting environments is not an efficient method to manage occupants’ visual fatigue levels. Consequently, several studies developed visual fatigue prediction models, which can manage occupants’ visual fatigue efficiently. For example, a mathematical model to predict visual fatigue based on lighting conditions has been proposed, but this model fails to predict individual occupants’ visual fatigue considering the different luminance of display [3].Another study used pixels of digital displays as predictor variables to predict visual fatigue levels, but this study also did not consider that individual occupants’ visual fatigue levels can vary even if they are observing the same display [4]. Even though most studies that investigated visual fatigue levels used physiological responses (e.g., eye blink duration, pupil diameter, and pupillary unrest index) to evaluate visual fatigue levels [5-6], studies that developed visual fatigue prediction models did not attempt to use the physiological responses as the predictor variables. Therefore, the necessity of visual fatigue prediction models based on individual occupants’ physiological responses is suggested.     
