Urban view management is important in protecting important views across the city, specifically landscapes and important buildings that represent the identity of the city (London Plan, 2012). View management all around the world has worked hard to provide and protect the basis for more detailed guidance in view management by suggesting methods of urban view protection and development in the field of urban design. There have been numerous studies considering the measurement and calculation of the specific viewpoint and range that best displays the identity of the city and the beautiful landscape that should be protected from reckless urban development. Seoul, the capital of Korea, has struggled to present a view-management guidance that can show the potential and identity of the city. I have looked into the methodologies that Seoul has used to research view management and found that only standardized methods were used. I hope to find a new methodology that can help achieve the view management goal effectively by suggesting a new performance index in my study. Urban view management is important in protecting symbolic and historical views across the city, specifically landscapes and important buildings that represent the identity and image of the city (London Plan, 2012)*. Despite struggles to establish detailed guidelines to protect existing landscapes, city developers suggest another perspective on ‘the understandable line (i.e. the extent of view protection’) that restricts city development. They claim that these guidelines unnecessarily restrict needed city development, as cities now require more infrastructure. There have been numerous studies that suggested new methods of urban view protection in the field of urban design. Most of them mentioned the importance of researching a new measurement and calculation of specific viewpoints and ranges that best display the identity of the city and the beautiful landscape that should be protected while avoiding unnecessary development restrictions. Seoul, the capital of Korea, is facing struggles in presenting a view-management guidance that can show the potential and identity of the city, without performing any unessential urban development cutbacks. I have looked into the methodologies that Seoul has used to research view management and found that qualitative methods were used to locate Seoul's viewpoints and view targets.  By suggesting a quantitative  methodology approach that derives a new quantitative performance index, this study aims the utilization of  this methodology and performance index to help achieve a ‘balanced understandable line’,    Cities with a characteristic natural or artificial setting that is valued and threatened must try to balance private and public interests in managing the visual environment. Developers in the private real estate industry have attempted to capture certain views from their buildings thus, increasing the real estate value for the eventual occupants [1]. However, with the evolution of city planning, city councils have regulated excessive city development and managed building height in certain areas to keep such buildings from blocking traditional public views or symbolic views that best represent the city's image. Developers in the private real estate industry claim that introducing new elements into the current city view arguably improves the quality of the current view. Nevertheless, city councils state that whether unrestrained city height will improve or diminish the good features of city view management is  questionable.   These conflicting views have continued over time and led to some controversial cases. For example, the case of the construction of a much-lauded 42-storey tower on the site of the Olympic Park, London, has caused campaigners to protest against the construction, insisting that the building goes against the London View Management Framework (LVMF) [2]. However, even the London City Council was unsure whether this case violates LVMF. As the urban landscape is the environment where most people live today, clearance on view management guidelines are required [3].     Though numerous researchers have mentioned the importance of scenic view management as a symbolic function of urban space, though insufficient research has been conducted on how to choose the methods for selecting the most suitable scenic urban views and methods for managing the selected views. Some cities have played a prominent role in relation to the academic flow on view management (e.g., London, Vancouver, Oakland) and presented several methods for efficiently managing and selecting important views of the city (e.g., main rivers, symbolic mountains, historical monuments) that require protection or revitalization. These view management methods were widely accepted and applied across different regions or countries around the world. In some cities, the application resulted in robust management plans such as waterfront revitalization plans. However, among those methodologies, qualitative methods posed many challenges in application due to the necessity for adaptation according to each city’s cultural and historical context, resulting in an inefficient use of resources and time. In the case of Seoul, Korea, scenic views and waterfront revitalization areas were selected by public officials' and experts' subjective opinion, which does not always reflect the realistic usage and function of each area. Without an objective method for selecting scenic sites and monitoring management of these sites, view management methodology might continuously change over time and across space. Therefore, this research project proposes a model for selecting scenic sites using a proposed ‘Crawling’ method to collect big data on sites that are currently frequently visited, and then map the results in accordance with spatial data of visitor movements and staying time. By applying 3D simulation techniques, this research project seeks to develop an accurate system that applies quantitative data analysis to simulate selected scenic views of a city, in an effort efficiently manage and select important views requiring protection or revitalization.  RQ1. To what extent does quantitative research on scenic management strategies exhibit higher accuracy than qualitative research in terms of practical space usage of visitors? RQ2. To what extent are quantitative methods for site selection and monitoring of scenic viewpoints more efficient compared to existing methods for selecting and managing scenic viewpoint locations in terms of time management? RQ3. To what extent do scenic management and planning methods through quantitative research prove effective when applied to waterfront revitalization in terms of the frequency of visitation to waterfront scenic view points?   In this way, this research project will consider the accuracy of quantitative research regarding scenic planning and management, and will also consider the efficiency of the developed quantitative method by comparing the proposed method with existing methods, This research project may help develop an effective application method for waterfront revitalization plans and future view management plans. This research first measures the vitality of waterfront viewpoints through mobile phone signaling data to evaluate the population movement patterns, specifically, population mobility, movement patterns, and temporal changes. According to Jan Gehl’s theory[1], measuring the level of vitality of a location can be based on whether the location provides enough potential opportunities for interaction, that is, the ability of space to gather active groups, so the ability to gather is the most direct manifestation of waterfront space vitality. The activity of people in a certain space always changes dynamically with time. Specifically, the crowd-gathering activity of morning, day, noon, and night of the day reflects the dynamic characteristics of waterfront space.  While this study primarily focused on the quantitative aspects of urban viewpoints, it is also necessary to examine qualitative factors. For example, although quantitative metrics are crucial for identifying and managing urban viewpoints, other factors at the street scale level should not be overlooked[1]. These include the aesthetics of surrounding buildings, their maintenance conditions, and the overall quality of the neighborhood. Additionally, the suitability of the analysis results across different age groups presents another challenge in this research. The findings may not be representative of all age groups due to the limited age range of people who typically take and upload photos on social media, reflecting mainly the preferences of a younger demographic. Although collecting data from older age groups might be challenging, further studies could develop methods to measure their viewpoints effectively[2]. Another limitation of this study is its failure to consider trends over time. By expanding the temporal scope of the database, it could be possible to track and analyze trends in landscape elements that attract users' preferences. Despite these challenges, by addressing them, more sophisticated outcomes can be developed, enhancing the results of previous research. Ultimately, embracing these multifaceted approaches not only enriches our understanding of urban viewpoints but also paves the way for creating a more inclusive viewpoint management system.
