Urban design plays an important role in complementing the limitations of each field between urban planning and architecture. Urban planning focuses on how urban spaces function in an effective way (UTS Online, 2021) and proposes policy directions, and architecture usually focuses on a single building. Between two fields, urban design considers the harmony among individual buildings and the interaction between physical environments and people living in the space. However, there are criticisms that urban design has a weak quantitative research base because urban design has mostly been based on the experience of skilled experts. In addition, generally, urban planning majors are established in social science colleges, so quantitative research has not been actively conducted in urban design. My goal is to develop quantitative measurements of urban design, in a field that heavily relies on the senses and experiences. Since most urban design is based on vision, now I’m classifying visual elements by using photo and video data. I want to study how these elements affect urban resilience and connectivity. In the masterplan of the city, quantifying data created by measuring the sensory experiences (e.g., vision, sound, smell) of pedestrians should be reflected as the basis for urban design and planning. Except few cases, urban design literature has not made various attempts because it is challenging to measure perceived qualities objectively; instead, it simply asserts their importance. (Ewing & Handy, 2009) In the past, when studying the visual experience of pedestrians in urban spaces, subjects drew pictures of what they remembered while walking on the street. Afterward, based on the pictures, scholars confirmed that the more complicated the road, the more diverse experiences pedestrians can have. (Bosselmann, 1998) Recently, the field of architecture conducted a study using eye-tracking technology to measure which visual elements (e.g., color, texture, light, and shadow) of buildings are of great interest to subjects. (Spanjar & Suurenbroek, 2020) The emergence of new technologies makes it possible to convert subjective responses of experiencing and recognizing urban into objective indicators. Therefore, a more reasonable urban design and planning can be derived based on quantitative evidence of what physical elements of the city are more attractive to pedestrians. The city developed gradually over the centuries, but the importance of the aesthetic harmony of urban space elements or the experiences of the people living in them was not highlighted [1] because the people who thought and built space were technology-first engineers, not architects or designers who considered the context of the city [2]. Feeling threatened by the uniformity and machine-oriented changes in the city, architects began to look at the city from the user's point of view. Camillo Sitte analyzed ancient cities and defined the size and shape of plazas and the location of monuments that people can fully enjoy from their point of view [1]. In order to further embody the user’s visual experience, Kevin Lynch selected five urban image components through the concept of 'easy to read' about the visual experience of urban space: path, edge, node, district, and landmark [3]. In addition to the five elements, Peter Bosselmann, who thought that users would have a more complex visual experience, wanted to explore urban form elements that evoke visual interest by drawing pictures of pedestrian experiences [4]. With the advancement of technology, capturing images of experiences in cities has become possible, and researchers have attempted to convert Urban forms in images into measurable values [5]. Through in-depth interviews with people walking in the city, experience is mediated by body mobility and sensory experience is closely linked to perceptual memory that mediates the present moment of experience in various ways [6]. With the development of various computer technologies, architecture researchers conducted a study using eye-tracking technology to measure which visual elements of buildings (e.g., color, texture, light, and shadow) are of great interest to pedestrians [7]. Though many urban researchers have adopted the way users experience cities as empirical evidence when designing master plans [1], recently, there have been attempts to quantify the experience and make it more robust evidence [2]. The pedestrians’ experience was more diverse in a naturally occurring urban environment with repeated similar elevations and curved paths than in a linearly structured urban environment with buildings of various designs created through development [3]. Pedestrians responded to visual stimuli with a radius of 5 to 6 m and found that they felt monotonous when there was no visual change in the physical environment, but there were no specific measurements of the time when they felt monotonous [4]. Therefore, this research project aims to measure pedestrian walking time, walking distance, walking distance versus walking time, and eye-movement frequency in two streets with the same design elements but different structures.  RQ1. To what extent does pedestrians' walking time vary in relation to the structure of the road? RQ2. To what extent does pedestrians’ walking distance vary in relation to the structure of the road? RQ3. To what extent does pedestrians’ ratio of walking distance to walking time in relation to the structure of the road? RQ4. To what extent does pedestrians’ eye movement frequency vary in relation to the structure of the road?  In this way, the research project will consider changes in pedestrians' walking time and walking distance in relation to differences in the structure of the road, and consider changes in the eye-moving frequency in relation to differences in design elements of the structure of the road. For pedestrian-friendly urban design, several studies measure pedestrian experiences based on in-depth interviews or diary data and use them as an empirical basis [5], the development of quantitative evidence may help to strongly support empirical evidence for future urban design.  In an effort to study how people pay attention to and interact with urban surroundings, urban researchers measure stimuli people experience and define the characteristics of walking environments. For example, Hass-Klau recommends examining streets as living spaces by collecting indicators of what people actually see, through observations and interviews [1]. Jacobs found that attractive streets resulted in many head movements by interviewing street users and design professionals [2], whereas Gehl found that 3.5 times more pedestrians turned their heads to detailed facades with windows and entrances compared to monotonous facades [3]. Furthermore, Helge measured head movements using video footage, minimizing the subjective intervention of the researcher in observation as much as possible, and found that more head movements occurred in walking environments with many green spaces and active social activities [4]. By adopting eye-tracking technology to measure which visual elements of buildings pedestrians are interested in [5], researchers can more precisely identify where  pedestrians’ eyes focus. In analyzing the interaction between urban environments and pedestrians, many researchers (e.g., Camillo Sitte, Kevin Lynch) define the factors of what pedestrians see in urban environments based on observations (citation needed). Peter Bosselmann depicted the street environment experienced by pedestrians to determine the presence or absence of physical elements [6]. Recent studies attempt to represent the state of environmental features numerically so that they can be quantitatively analyzed alongside other data that measure the environmental characteristics of cities [7]. Subsequently, researchers endeavored to quantitatively determine physical factors by recording the street environment with photographs and video media, and classified the type of street based on the findings [8].      This study offers insight into the urban form elements that significantly influence pedestrians in walking environments by assessing the level of visual stimuli which the pedestrians experience from walking environment. Considering RQ1 based on research findings of Hillnhütter  [1], visual elements such as complex edges (e.g., vertical facades, transparent ground floors) and low-level street enclosure are expected to increase eye movement in  walking environments compared to other urban form elements. Moreover, the observation that eye movement increases with complex edge elements aligns with Gehl’s study, which noted increased head movement among pedestrians in front of detailed facades with windows and entrances [2]. In terms of RQ2, to classify walking environments based on previously investigated urban form elements and examine the visual stimuli experienced by pedestrians in differently characterized environments is necessary. Drawing from Bosselmann’s research, which found that walking on streets with curved alleys and slopes enhanced the pedestrian experience compared to walking on simple straight streets [3], pedestrian eye movement can be predicted to be more pronounced in complex walking environments. However, there are limited instances where the visual stimuli experienced by pedestrians associated with urban form elements have been measured by using a VR simulation model and eye-tracking. Therefore, this approach lays the groundwork for investigating how urban form elements influence pedestrians' perceptions of the walking environment. Understanding the public's visual experiences of urban form elements in the walking environment can facilitate pedestrian-friendly urban design. When analyzing urban form elements that visually attract pedestrians in walking environments, greater consideration should be given to what pedestrians see and how they perceive their surroundings. The characteristics of the quantified walking environment are derived from a series of qualitative evaluations structured according to the definition of the environmental matrix [1]. However, the data do not directly capture what pedestrians see. Enhancing the quantitative representation of visual walking environments can be achieved by incorporating additional quantified information, such as de facto population data or traffic volume on adjacent streets [2]. Furthermore, the research methodology involving 3D simulation of walking environments using virtual reality (VR) has increased the complexity of visual analysis compared to existing eye-tracking research using images [3]. Nevertheless, there are limitations to fully understanding pedestrian behavior due to the disparity between real distances and 3D models. These limitations can be addressed by employing complementary methodologies, such as behavioral observation or surveys, to comprehend the human role in specific street landscapes [4]. However, these methods may face criticism regarding subjective interpretations. Alternatively, outdoor eye-tracking techniques can be utilized, although Scott et al. argue that controlling the visual stimuli observed by participants in outdoor settings can be difficult, increasing the risk that potentially leads to discrepancies in the scenes observed by each participant [5].
