To reduce global warming and greenhouse gas emissions, it is necessary to have more renewable energy sources (RES) connected to the power system. The increase in RES causes problems such as voltage violation and line congestion [1]. Additionally, RES has uncertainties; it is challenging to solve the above issues deterministically. General power systems are nonlinear due to complex facilities interactions. Previous studies have proposed various approaches, and one of preferred approaches in the power system is probabilistic approaches [2]. I am interested in power systems with high penetration RES. In more detail, I am interested in the probabilistic approaches that reflect RES`s uncertainty in analysis results. Many probabilistic approaches, including scenario-based analysis, such as the Monte Carlo simulation [3], are introduced. I will learn about statistics, machine learning, and big data to apply power systems to probabilistic approaches. AI suits nonlinear problems; statistics are needed to treat data in a power system. Also, of course, I will learn about distribution systems to solve issues closely related to real life. I want to be an expert who solves problems through data-driven planning and a more efficient system.   Previous distribution systems (DSs) have historically operated with a fit-and-forget methodology because there are no renewable energy sources (RESs) to produce power [1]. However, growing concerns about climate change has led to an increase in the integration of RESs into DSs. When RESs are utilized, characteristics of DS depend on the power output from the RESs. Maintaining the voltage levels at the within the specified range to prevent overvoltage is vital, which can lead to reduced device lifespan. Various static voltage compensators (SVCs) used to avoid voltage violations [2]. Sensitivity analysis between voltage and power ensures effective and efficient operation and planning of SVCs to achieve the operator`s goal [3]. However, determining the voltage at the connection point of RESs and SVCs poses practical challenges. In my research, I propose estimating voltage sensitivities of the entire area using voltage of a moment at a minor point. Traditional methods have limitations in that they cannot capture non-linearity. I want to employ convolutional neural networks (CNN) [4], a type of the neural network commonly used for image processing. Specifically, I intend to adapt CNNs for matrix-based processing tasks to improve voltage sensitivity analysis in distribution systems. Data in the power system accomplishes efficient operation. However, acquiring and measuring all necessary data is often impractical. Estimating additional information through measurements becomes necessary due to controlling the difficulty in controlling power system devices with limited data availability. Building upon this view of estimation, a method for  estimating voltage sensitivity using a least square estimator with measured voltage data  from photovoltaic inverters is proposed by Marcus, seeking to overcome data collinearity issues through the application of a ridge estimator [1]. Additionally, a novel estimator considering the correlation between resistance and reactance is proposed by Chang [2]. However, these methods do not consider the noise that measurement-based methods have. Liang improved the accuracy of results for noisy data by using a robust estimation method that utilizes lasso and ridge estimators [3]. The above methods, however, are limited in that they  are limited by their reliance on data from all points in distribution systems. Given the impossibility of measuring data from all points, operators must rely on the data available to operators. To address this challenge, the proposed sensitivity estimation method  considers limited information and has been validated using real time digital simulator. My research focuses on developing an efficient management method for optimal distribution system operation. To achieve this goal, my research utilizes estimated sensitivity from machine learning (e.g. CNN, least square estimator).  This allows effective facility control with limited information.  Various machine learning approaches have been proposed by researcher to estimate the state of the distribution system, including linear regression [1], neural networks [2], and the Newton-Raphson method [3]. Achieving accurate and timely state estimation is critical for ensuring the stability of the distribution system. However, operators cannot access data from every point of measurement, highlighting the importance of estimation as a foundational aspect. Previously, statistical techniques were commonly employed for estimating grid state parameters  (e.g, voltage estimation and sensitivity estimation) [4], offering advantages in analysis, particularly for optimal voltage control. Recently, neural networks have gained prominence due to their ability to analyze nonlinearities. To prove the estimation efficiency through neural networks, answers to the following questions will be addressed:  To what extent do neural networks improve the accuracy of distribution grid sensitivity estimation compared to sensitivity estimation using least squares methods  [1]? To what extent is estimation of the entire state possible based on limited information (e.g, voltage, grid sensitivity, and level of load)? What is the minimum amount of information to estimate the overall state of the grid?  This study aims to investigate how neural networks can be utilized to estimate comprehensive grid information, even with limited data availability. Through comparative analysis with previous methods, this study aims to validate the accuracy of the proposed method is a more accurate estimation. Additionally, the proposed method performs a role that previous methods could not perform before, which is estimating complete information.     Voltage sensitivity (VS) estimation relies on statistical methodologies leveraging available information [1]. However, Conventional methods often struggle to estimate the total sensitivity state due to limited data availability, assuming all pertinen information is accessible [1], including voltage and angle measurements from all buses. Researchers recently estimated the VS of an entire system using neural networks (NNs) [2], though more research is needed to establish to determine the effectiveness of NNs in leveraging available data for comprehensive VS estimation. Since VS estimation through NNs has yet to be studied comprehensively, conventional methods are only used to compare with the results of NNs and the mathematically calculated Jacobian matrix.  To evaluate the performance of NNs against conventional methods, metrics such as mean square error (MSE) and root mean square errors (RMSE) were employed to quantify the discrepancies between NNs and the least squares method. This study verifies estimated VS by comparing NNs and the mathematically calculated Jacobian matrix [3]. This comparison highlights the efficacy of the proposed method in accurately reconstructing system information from limited data. Performance metrics such as mean absolute error (MAE) and RMSE were used to gauge the fidelity of the estimated VS compared to the original matrix [4].   When implementing the proposed method, voltage sensitivity estimation (VSE) results of the distribution system via the convolutional neural network (CNN) are verified by comparing them with a Jacobian matrix calculated using simulated data. RQ1 is addressed by comparing CNN and conventional statistical methods (CSMs), when the same information that changes in voltage of another bus due to change in the state of the bus  is given. Under the specify conditions, if the estimation results of a CNN are more accurate than CSMs, these results indicate that a CNN is more suitable for VSE [1]. RQ2 is based on the assumption that system operators lack information about the system [2,3]. To prove that the proposed method can be used even in information-poor situations, we estimate and compare the overall state using the proposed method. By addressing RQ2, the proposed method is applied to a real system. Since various pieces of information can be used for VSE, it is essential to determine the minimum amount of information required for accurate VSE. This issue of minimum information is addressed in the answer to RQ3. Utilizing diverse information available in the distribution system (e.g., active and reactive power injection/absorption of solar stations, level of load) demonstrates that the proposed method can be used to perform VSE [4]. Voltage sensitivity estimation (VSE) of distribution systems has limitations  because the result in real-world scenarios. Power system researchers have sought to overcome these challenges by employing real-time digital simulators (RTDS) capable of conducting simulations closely resembling real-world conditions. RTDS has been utilized for measurement-based VSE using perturb-and-observe (P&O) techniques [1]. However, RTDS exhibits limitations in that it exclusively applies to small systems, verifying the results of VSE for extensive systems is impractical.  Another challenge arises when the accuracy of VSE results diminishes and decreases in the accuracy of VSE results upon adding new equipment to the power systems. Additionally, neural networks (NNs) based face limitations wherein prediction accuracy decreases when applied to untrained data. To mitigate these challenges associated with NNs, researchers' efforts must be directed towards developing robust models unaffected by operation of  equipment in power systems, or training models through carefully-chosen data. Future studies aim to address these limitations by developing an online VSE model. 
