Can you check the following paragraph, which is enclosed by brackets, for grammar mistakes, count the number of mistakes, place the number of grammar mistakes between TWO @ symbols even if the number is zero, explain each of the mistakes, and provide a revised paragraph - [In this paper, a novel multispectral image reconstruction algorithm focusing on color fidelity is proposed. The proposed algorithm is targeted but not limited to imaging devices with periodic sparse samplers known as Multispectral Filter Arrays (MSFAs), whose period is 4 pixels in width and height.  The overall structure of the proposed algorithm can be reduced into two subsections. First, the images are decomposed into luminance and reflectance components according to the Retinex theory. Then, a low-rank Compressed Sensing (CS) approach based on the Alternating Direction Method of Multipliers (ADMM) is applied to each of the decomposed luminance and reflectance components, which are fused appropriately to produce multispectral image cubes.  To discuss the validity and effectiveness of the proposed algorithm, quantitative metrics were measured and compared with other state-of-the-art multispectral image reconstruction algorithms. Peak Signal-to-Noise Ratio (PSNR), and Structural Similarity Index Measure (SSIM) were calculated on simulated scenes, which were sampled with filter specifications of commercially available multispectral imaging devices. Also, numerical analysis was conducted to quantify the computational overhead of the proposed algorithm.  Given that the images were captured under appropriate lighting conditions, images processed with the proposed algorithm showed a notable increase in PSNR and SSIM, with processing time comparable to other methods.  The underlying assumptions about the Retinex decomposition limit the set of images that the algorithm can be applied. Therefore, subsequent studies are required to handle the problem, where one solution could be integrating robustness terms into the ADMM framework. ]
