Can you check the following paragraph, which is enclosed by brackets, for grammar mistakes, count the number of mistakes, place the number of grammar mistakes between TWO @ symbols even if the number is zero, explain each of the mistakes, and provide a revised paragraph - [To improve human running speed, soft wearable robots have been widely developed for comfort and safety. However, low stiffness of soft material leads to force transmission loss. Therefore, to enhance force transmission in soft wearable devices, hybrid interfaces which were applied to integrate soft materials and rigid materials, and chained-linking structures were introduced.   Firstly, to increase systematic stiffness (distance-force),rigid materials were added to optimal points on the soft materials. Optimal points were chosen at force delivering points such as connecting points between interfaces-actuators and interfaces-human bodies. Additionally, to improve comfort, chained-link structures, shaped like chain-armor were developed. These structures were linked to each other so that they improve stiffness of interfaces.   To evaluate the systematic stiffness, tensile force was measured using a force-gauge force, and then stiffness was compared between conventional interfaces and hybrid interfaces. 5 participants were recruited to reduce uncertainties  generated from differences in body sizes and shapes. Additionally, to evaluate the primary objects of soft-wearable robots, human running speed was compared under two conditions: with wearable robot assistance status and without assistance status maintaining the cadences of 180 bpm and the stride lengths of 150cm.     The systematic stiffness of hybrid interfaces was increased by 10% compared to conventional interfaces. Furthermore, wearable robot-assisted groups are 5% faster than the groups without assistance. Therefore, hybrid interfaces were improvied the human running speed.   Reliability issues lay in the running tests, due to limiting cadence and stride. So additional running tests (e.g., sprint test, 3km test) are required to improve the reliability of these tests.]
